AIP 39: Documentation (#17552)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/logging-monitoring/errors.rst

======================================= ==================================================
``dag_id``                              Dag name of the dag that failed
``task_id``                             Task name of the task that failed
``data_interval_start``                 Start of data interval when the task failed
``data_interval_end``                   End of data interval when the task failed
``operator``                            Operator name of the task that failed
======================================= ==================================================

> For backward compatibility, and additional tag ``execution_date`` is also available the represent the logical date. The tag should be considered deprecated in favor of ``data_interval_start``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, an additional tag ``execution_date`` is also available representing the logical date. The tag should be considered deprecated in favor of ``data_interval_start``.
```
